:bookmark: Bump to version 0.36.0 (#208)
open-formulieren/formio-builder: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes

## 0.36.0 (2025-01-24)

Feature release

> - [`OF#5006`][OF#5006] It's now possible to fill in manually the street name and the city in the
>   `addressNL` component in case these are not available from the external API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`OF#5006`][OF#5006] Updated stories for manual AddressNL city/street name fallback in case autofill isn't available.
```
I don't think anything effectively changed in this component? There are no new configuration options for form designers etc.
